Diffrences between http1.1 & http 2 :
HTTP/1.1
It works on the textual format.
There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
It uses requests resource In lining for use getting multiple pages
It compresses data by itself.

HTTP/2
It works on the binary protocol.
It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 
It uses HPACK for data compression.

Blog about objects & internal representation in javascript:

Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).
Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.
Loosely speaking, objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data,
 of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions
  and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.

       Objects and properties:

A JavaScript object has properties associated with it. A property of an object can be explained as a
 variable that is attached to the object. Object properties are basically the same as ordinary JavaScript
  variables, except for the attachment to objects. The properties of an object define the characteristics 
  of the object. You access the properties of an object with a simple dot-notation:

IP Address:

All the computers of the world on the Internet network communicate with each other with underground or
 underwater cables or wirelessly. If I want to download a file from the internet or load a web page or 
 literally do anything related to the internet, my computer must have an address so that other computers 
 can find and locate mine in order to deliver that particular file or webpage that I am requesting. In 
 technical terms, that address is called IP Address or Internet Protocol Address.
1.	IPv4:
2.	IPv6:

About port:
The port property sets or returns the port number of a URL.

HTTP methods:
There are 8 methods in https,
1) GET
The GET method is used to retrieve information from the given server using a given URI.
 Requests
 using GET should only retrieve data and should have no other effect on the data.
2) HEAD
Same as GET, but transfers the status line and header section only.
3) POST
A POST request is used to send data to the server, for example, customer information,
 file upload, 
etc. using HTML forms.
4)PUT
Replaces all current representations of the target resource with the uploaded content.
5) DELETE
Removes all current representations of the target resource given by a URI.
6) CONNECT
Establishes a tunnel to the server identified by a given URI.
7) OPTIONS
Describes the communication options for the target resource.
8) TRACE
Performs a message loop-back test along the path to the target resource.


